Yunzhong, you came to question me for an outsider
You really disappoint me.
The one who let me down is you
You told me to live in justice and fairness
In the clouds, you understand again
Xiao Xiao is not an outsider
He is your future wife
Xiao Xiao Lin Xiao Xiao Dad
I sometimes really doubt
I am your own
Or is he your own?
Yes
Xiao Xiao is my biological daughter
You are the one I adopted
Are you satisfied?
This is you
The reason why I was named Xiao Xiao
I dream of my daughter.
Can you call me mom openly?
So this is it
original
I'm not your son at all
Hey
Uncle Jiang, the young master and the wife are going crazy if they can't find you
I'm fine, don't worry.
Uncle Jiang
Young Master, I was the one who carried you from the orphanage
If you want to blame, blame me.
But in the past 18 years, I have seen
The rich treat you like their own son
I see.
Uncle Jiang, I know my mother is good to me
I just couldn't take it for a while
I understand how you feel.
But now Lu Jiaming sees Dandan as wanting to fight for the family property
We have to look at the bigger picture.
This time
Madam, he needs you, don't worry
Uncle Jiang
I will protect my mother
On his arm
How can there be this scar?
Is he
Miss, you are looking for me.
These two hairs
You do a paternity test
Remember, don't let anyone know.
OK
Why are you here?
Name a price.
How much? Shut up
Your World
Is it the one who came forward to divide the three six nine?
So sad
But what actually
You have nothing at all